\section{Introduction}

\vspace{0.2 in}
General paragraph
\vspace{0.2 in}

Multiple patterns derived from spatial processes are important to
ecology for predicting biodiversity dynamics from local to the
macroecological distribution of multispecies assemblages. Several
theories aim to predict fundamental empirical patterns, like the SAR,
species abundance and diversity, turnover rates, food web structure
and dynamics....etc. Yet, the effect of landscape and trophic dynamics
on biodiversity patterns driven by a combination of human
transformations and natural fluctuations in the landscape in
multitrophic metacommunities remain to be explored. Recent
developments in spatial food web theory have shown
\cite{haegemanLoreau2014}... in static landscapes. On the other hand,
new developments in the context of landscape dynamics have shown
(refs).

\vspace{0.2 in}
Fundamental patterns we consider \\
\vspace{0.05 in}
It is widely agreed that increasing habitat heterogeneity allows a
larger number of species with dissimilar ecological requirements to
co-occur within large areas; and increasing probability of population
survival with increasing population size \cite{whittaker2008}. Here,
by taking into account these two key processes, we explore further the
mechanisms that may generate biodiversity patterns by combining
habitat heterogeneity in multitrophic-metacommunities with the dynamic
of the landscape. In addition to the view of irreversible habitat loss
and fragmentation we also random or seasonal landscape dynamics. We
show by combining landscape and trophic dynamics that persistence of
populations may be altered in meaningful ways because it allowed us to
have more accurate predictions to understand general patterns in
ecology...

\vspace{0.2 in}
Need to connect landscape dynamics with habitat loss and fragmentation\\
\vspace{0.2 in}

Given the definition of landscape dynamics, then we have to explain
trophic dynamics in informed and non-informed landscapes 
and the consequences for habitat heterogeneity\\
\vspace{0.2 in}

Do our results change in some fundamental ways previous patterns?\\
\vspace{0.2 in}


\begin{comment}
Understanding the structure and dynamics of ecological networks has
become critical for understanding the persistence and stability of
ecosystems \cite{dunne2005modeling}. Robustness studies based on the
simulation of sequential extinction of species have revealled aspects
about the response of ecosystems to ecological disturbances at species
level \cite{desantana2013topological}. Such structural analyses are
relatively fast and easy but their utility in capturing important
information about functions and processes is often questioned
\cite{jordan2012simulating}, especially when considered the
variability of the effects of ecological disturbances among
individuals of the same species. Dynamical models in contrast provide
essential information especially if one needs to understand changes in
abundances, with the structure of the food web being almost constant
\cite{jordan2012simulating}.
\end{comment}


